# deepdos.__main__

The main functionality of deepdos

## DeepDos
```python
DeepDos(self, options: dict)
```

The Deepdos executor and class manager

### capture_network_data
```python
DeepDos.capture_network_data(self)
```

Write pcap data

### evaluate_network_data
```python
DeepDos.evaluate_network_data(self)
```

Load the flow data generated by the cicflowmeter, classify the flow data,
and then take action with the firewall if needed.

Returns:
    The output logs of examining the flow packets

### main_loop
```python
DeepDos.main_loop(self)
```

Enter the main loop of the program, executing the sub processes
and executing model commands

## start_execution
```python
start_execution()
```

Parse arguments and run our deepdos application

# deepdos.data

Handle all data operations within the codebase

## load_dataframe
```python
load_dataframe(csv_location: str = '{ROOT_DIR}/ddos_balanced/final_dataset.csv') -> pandas.core.frame.DataFrame
```

Load up our dataframes that contain 100k of each ddos and benign packets

Returns:
    A dataframe that contains 100k samples of both

## load_model
```python
load_model(has_model: bool = True, model_path: str = 'lr-stable-0.9.0.pickle') -> sklearn.linear_model.logistic.LogisticRegression
```

Load or create the logistic regression model.

Returns:
    A logistic regression model either created from scratch or
    loaded from a pickle file

## parse_flow_data
```python
parse_flow_data(path: str = '/home/cenz/dev/ds/deepdos/deepdos/.etc/flow_output/out.pcap_Flow.csv')
```

Parse the model data

Args:
    path - The path to the generated flow data csv file.

Returns:
    A dictionary containing the model input data and then the metadata about
    the parsed data

## preprocess_df
```python
preprocess_df(dataframe: pandas.core.frame.DataFrame) -> None
```

Preprocess the dataframe for erraneous/irrelevant columns (In place)

Args:
    df: The ddos dataframe to be processed

Returns:
    Nothing

## get_train_test
```python
get_train_test(dataframe: pandas.core.frame.DataFrame) -> tuple
```

Obtain the training and testing data.

Returns:
    a tuple containing the training features, testing features,
    training target, and testing target


## compute_logistic_model
```python
compute_logistic_model(x_train, x_test, y_train, y_test) -> sklearn.linear_model.logistic.LogisticRegression
```

Create our logistic regression model

## create_lr
```python
create_lr() -> sklearn.linear_model.logistic.LogisticRegression
```

Create a logistic regression given our base dataframe

# deepdos.conf

Global variables

## create_logger
```python
create_logger(module_name: str, log_level: str) -> logging.Logger
```

Create a logger object based on the pythons module name

Args:
    module_name - The name of the module to create the logger for as.
    log_level   - The log level to be logging output at.

Returns:
    A customized logger object for deepdos logging

## create_etc_dirs
```python
create_etc_dirs()
```

Create all directories needed for deepdos to properly execute. Only
runs if the logs directory isn't created.

## setup_root_access
```python
setup_root_access()
```

Setup root access for the deepdos command line utility.
This is needed so that there is tcpdump and iptable access

## load_conf
```python
load_conf()
```

Ensure all config is loaded before the program is set.

# __init__
```python
__init__(*args, **kwargs)
```
Initialize self.  See help(type(self)) for accurate signature.
